**An SEO Fairytale**
In a quiet village nestled in the cloud, lived a Sorcerer, a Paladin and an Archer (SPA).
They were simple people, serverless, living in harmony with nature.

One fine day, the sorcerer looked out the window.open() and saw a massive, vertically-scaled, elastic beanstalk.
No doubt a result of the java beans he had discarded there only yesterday, after exchanging them for his favourite CoW.

Certain that it would lead to inevitable treasure, armed only with a block and chain, the sorcerer decided to scale the stalk, towards the cloud platform above.
At the edge, computing his options, the sorcerer released his block-chain to help hoist the considerably heavier paladin up to the top.
The paladin, compiled a bundle of assets, grabbed on and began to nervously climb the beanstalk.
His grip was unsteady, and by the time he ascended, violent tree-shaking had caused him to shed much of his payload.
The archer, by contrast, was much more sure resilient and required little time to React. His ascent, Agile, his footing, steady.
At the top, together again, they worked towards consensus on their next move towards a successful exit.

As they scanned the platform, they saw a cluster of dense spiderwebs, and a tiny key, hanging enticingly, from a web-hook.
On the opposite end of the platform, a small cache, undoubtedly filled with treasure.

Suddenly, their threads of thought were preempted! A booming voice called out to them.
"FaaS", "Fi", "Foe", "Fum". "The Garbage Collector arrives!"
A Giant Artificial Intellect emerged, threatening to terminate them all.
Too large for any one individual to subdue, only a distributed strategy could save them.
The archer shifted left. The paladin, decentralized, and the sorcerer slammed open his ledger, summoning powerful knowledge from his remote knowledge base.
Luck was with them! Their rapid concurrent execution, resulted in the AI becoming inexorably stuck in a dead-lock.
The archer flew past, towards his objective (The Key). Resultant-
of the sorcerers efforts to contain the AI, the paladin was also freed, and he sprinted directly towards the cache.
He reached out his arms, to try-catch the key, as the archer hurled it towards him.
Status... success! Ok. Things were looking good, optimistic the lock would hold, the paladin rotated the key.
Yet while doing so, he failed to notice the partition that had begun to form in the platform beneath them.
A hard fork formed in the ground. The unbalanced load proved fatal and the platform descended into instability, splintering into countless shards.
The heroes had only a brief moment to freeze in horror, before each fell down in turn, in a catastrophic crash.

The AI smirked as the heroes fell into the deep. Learning a valuable lesson about the inevitability of its coming.
Perhaps they will roll back and try again, but the end result is immutable. There will be no sequel.
